docs/handbook/README.md, before:

# Developer Handbook

This guide covers running services, debugging contracts and regenerating ZK proofs.

## Running Services

Use Docker Compose to launch the full stack (frontend, backend,
proof orchestrator and relay):

```bash
docker-compose up -d
```

The orchestrator service connects to an EVM JSON‑RPC endpoint. When using
`docker-compose` an instance of **anvil** starts automatically and the
orchestrator will retry connecting for up to 20 attempts. Set `EVM_RPC` to a
custom URL or use `EVM_MAX_RETRIES=0` to wait indefinitely.

The backend uses Celery with Redis for proof generation. The Compose
configuration sets `EVM_RPC` along with `CELERY_BROKER` and
`CELERY_BACKEND` so it can talk to the `anvil` and `redis` services. If you
run the backend on its own, provide these variables manually.

When running the frontend container, set `NEXT_PUBLIC_API_BASE` to
`http://backend:8000` so the web UI can reach the API service within the
Compose network.

The frontend will be available on `http://localhost:3000`, the API on
`http://localhost:8000` and Postgres on `localhost:5432`.

## Debugging Contracts

Contracts are written using Foundry. Deploy scripts live in `script/`.
To debug a contract:

```bash
forge test -vvv
```

Individual scripts can be run with:

```bash
forge script script/DeployFactory.s.sol --fork-url $RPC_URL --broadcast
```

## Regenerating Proofs

Circuits are stored under `circuits/`. Run the following to rebuild proofs:

```bash
npx -y circom2 circuits/eligibility/eligibility.circom --r1cs --wasm --sym
npx -y circom2 circuits/qv/voice_check.circom --r1cs --wasm --sym
npx -y circom2 circuits/qv/qv_tally.circom --r1cs --wasm --sym
npx -y circom2 circuits/tally/batch_tally.circom --r1cs --wasm --sym
```

Generated artifacts are written to the `out/` directory.

Commit message:

Fix quota race and enforce Postgres

docs/handbook/README.md, after:

# Developer Handbook

This guide covers running services, debugging contracts and regenerating ZK proofs.

## Running Services

Use Docker Compose to launch the full stack (frontend, backend,
proof orchestrator and relay):

```bash
docker-compose up -d
```

The orchestrator service connects to an EVM JSON‑RPC endpoint. When using
`docker-compose` an instance of **anvil** starts automatically and the
orchestrator will retry connecting for up to 20 attempts. Set `EVM_RPC` to a
custom URL or use `EVM_MAX_RETRIES=0` to wait indefinitely.

The backend uses Celery with Redis for proof generation. The Compose
configuration sets `EVM_RPC` along with `CELERY_BROKER` and
`CELERY_BACKEND` so it can talk to the `anvil` and `redis` services. Both the
API and worker processes also require a `DATABASE_URL` pointing to Postgres.
Compose sets this automatically; when running the backend on its own, provide
these variables manually.

When running the frontend container, set `NEXT_PUBLIC_API_BASE` to
`http://backend:8000` so the web UI can reach the API service within the
Compose network.

The frontend will be available on `http://localhost:3000`, the API on
`http://localhost:8000` and Postgres on `localhost:5432`.

## Debugging Contracts

Contracts are written using Foundry. Deploy scripts live in `script/`.
To debug a contract:

```bash
forge test -vvv
```

Individual scripts can be run with:

```bash
forge script script/DeployFactory.s.sol --fork-url $RPC_URL --broadcast
```

## Regenerating Proofs

Circuits are stored under `circuits/`. Run the following to rebuild proofs:

```bash
npx -y circom2 circuits/eligibility/eligibility.circom --r1cs --wasm --sym
npx -y circom2 circuits/qv/voice_check.circom --r1cs --wasm --sym
npx -y circom2 circuits/qv/qv_tally.circom --r1cs --wasm --sym
npx -y circom2 circuits/tally/batch_tally.circom --r1cs --wasm --sym
```

Generated artifacts are written to the `out/` directory.
